Document Retry Strategy configuration fields (#720)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/settings.rst

  :width: 600
  :alt: Retry strategy defaults

> * **Max retries** - The maximum number of times Mautic retries a failed message before giving up. Set to ``0`` to disable retries. The default is ``3``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Max retries** - The maximum number of times Mautic retries a failed message before giving up. Set to ``0`` to turn off retries. The default is ``3``.
```

> * **Delay** - The initial delay in milliseconds before the first retry attempt. The default is ``1000`` (1 second).

Author: Added Multiplier constraint documentation based on [PR #16157](https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16157) which adds form validation requiring `messenger_retry_strategy_multiplier >= 1` to prevent `MultiplierRetryStrategy` crash from values < 1. Also documented the other three retry strategy fields and their defaults from the same PR.

Source: https://github.com/mautic/mautic/pull/16157

> * **Delay** - The initial delay in milliseconds before the first retry attempt. The default is ``1000`` (1 second).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Delay** - The initial delay in milliseconds before the first retry attempt. The default is ``1000``, which is 1 second.
```
